Thank you for coming. Thank you for coming. And everyone again. And good morning everyone.
Again, we're going to discuss our motivation, the motivation of the joy and appreciation and
gratitude.
Every reason, we really have a lot of reasons to feel happy in the joy.
And for example, this today is a beautiful day. You see, it's really nice and beautiful day.
Bright sunshine, brilliant sky, and the birds are singing, the wind is good, gently blowing.
And right we are here, and we are touching to our core of true nature, our own treasures.
And with love, with compassion, with kindness, thinking of all living beings in the presence of the
lineage masters,
Buddhas, bodhisattvas, all these linear marks that we're surrounded by, all these. And here, we're
stating in a way,
our self to express of the gratitude, happy and appreciation.
This happy and appreciation, being grateful, is not something exclude or detour of the Dharma.
This is essence, the cornerstones or the highway of the Buddha.
Buddha is teaching, it's our practices. As the other day, I mentioned, there were about nine points
,
and you all know that, maybe, already. Nine points, the great master, Yavu Kundra, listed that.
And this is what really that is, joy and appreciation, combined with devotion and compassion, both
each other.
When we do this, our ego clinging, self-important, it's kind of, went away, and the sight is hiding
.
It's now controlling our mind streams, or our brains.
It is, with such a sweet, beautiful quality of our own natural mind, arising from the treasures.
This is the kindness, compassion, blessings of the gracious teacher, Buddha, and Gharipam Mahasambh
ava,
and all the linear masters, we can do this.
We don't have to stay in the midst of the darkness of the ego clinging all the time, as we've been.
We are going to lighten up. We're making the burst, burst and hold to the ego clinging.
It's so spacious, the emperor, faithful, grateful, gratitude, all that.
And it's all good with the vastness and motivation of the body together, relative to the body
together.
And really, sincerely thinking, may all living with that happiness and calm happiness,
and then compassion, and joy, and equanimity, those are, again, essence, essence of the Buddha
teaching,
as a treasure of ourself. It's not something coming from out.
Love is not coming from outside. Compassion is not coming from outside.
It's joy, and it's equanimity. It's all our treasures.
Treasure of the rupa, or the treasure of the three Gaius dead of the mind,
three Gaius dead of the nature of the mind, we're revealing that.
We left it so long to ignore our triggers from the beginning of this time until we meet the Dharma,
or we practice the Buddha. In a way, it's kind of carried the force of the external things
and met so many levels, one after another, level with grasping, clinging,
and holding, holding, all that. We're really chasing those things all the time.
We carry the force of the delusion which is, according to the liturgy,
is the expression, energy, the expression, energy of the Dharma Gaius or the three Gaius.
But we hold the grasping, hold, and that can't be communicated.
And now, returning by ourself to that strong, beautiful openness, calm and peaceful.
And that places, we return it back, which is our own triggers, triggers.
And with those thoughts, and then, three Gaya Realizations, or three regular stages.
On the Vedayana, that's our practices.
So therefore, we activated those qualities, and then we reflected the teachings.
Now, we've been talking, we are not talking,